Complete the Gnome Stronghold Agility Course 	Complete a lap of the Gnome Stronghold Agility Course. 	Agility 1 Agility
Obtain a Mark of Grace 	Obtain a Mark of Grace from any Rooftop Agility Course. 	Agility 10 Agility
Complete a Rooftop Agility Course 	Complete a lap of any Rooftop Agility Course. 	Agility 10 Agility
Complete the Draynor Agility Course 	Complete a lap of the Draynor Rooftop Agility Course. 	Agility 10 Agility
Receive an Agility Arena Ticket 	Receive an Agility Arena Ticket from the Brimhaven Agility Arena.
Complete the Al Kharid Agility Course 	Complete a lap of the Al Kharid Rooftop Agility Course. 	Agility 20 Agility
Complete 50 Laps of a Rooftop Agility Course 	Complete 50 laps of any Rooftop Agility Course. 	Agility 10 Agility 	Does not need to be 50 laps on the same course.
Complete 30 Laps of the Draynor Agility Course 	Complete 30 laps of the Draynor Rooftop Agility Course. 	Agility 10 Agility
Cross a Trap in Isafdar 	Successfully cross any kind of trap in Isafdar.
Buy a Snapdragon From Pirate Jackie the Fruit 	Buy a Snapdragon From Pirate Jackie the Fruit in Brimhaven.
10 Agility arena tickets
Complete the Falador Agility Course 	Complete a lap of the Falador Rooftop Course. 	Agility 50 Agility
Turn in a Pyramid Top to Simon Templeton 	Turn in a Pyramid top to Simon Templeton at the Agility Pyramid. 	Agility 30 Agility
Complete the Canifis Agility Course 	Complete a lap of the Canifis Rooftop Agility Course. 	Agility 40 Agility 	Requires Quest points Priest in Peril completed.
Complete the Wilderness Agility Course 	Complete a lap of the Wilderness Agility Course. 	Agility 52 Agility
Complete 250 Laps of a Rooftop Agility Course 	Complete 250 laps of any Rooftop Agility Course. 	Agility 10 Agility 	Does not need to be 250 laps on the same course.
Take the Advanced Shortcut to the Cosmic Altar 	Use the Advanced Narrow Walkway Agility Shortcut near the Cosmic Altar. 	Agility 66 Agility 	Completed Quest points Lost City
Complete the Prifddinas Agility Course 	Complete a lap of the Prifddinas Agility Course. 	Agility 75 Agility
Complete the Prifddinas Agility Course in 1:10 	Complete a lap of the Prifddinas Agility Course in 1:10 or less. 	Agility 75 Agility
Complete the Seers' Village Agility Course 	Complete a lap of the Seers' Village Rooftop Course. 	Agility 60 Agility
Receive 60 Agility Arena Tickets With No Mistakes 	Receive 60 Agility Arena Tickets without missing any pillars. 	Agility 40 Agility
Equip a Mithril Weapon 	Equip any Mithril weapon. 	Attack 20 Attack
Equip an Adamant Weapon 	Equip any Adamant weapon. 	Attack 30 Attack
Equip a Rune Weapon 	Equip any Rune weapon. 	Attack 40 Attack
Equip a Dragon Weapon 	Equip any Dragon weapon. 	Attack 60 Attack
Purchase a Player Owned House 	Purchase a player-owned house.
1,000 or complete Daddy's Home
Cook a Shrimp 	Cook a Raw Shrimp.
Burn Some Food 	Burn any kind of food while trying to cook it.
Use the Range in Lumbridge Castle 	Use the Range in Lumbridge Castle to cook some food.
Quest points Cook's assistant
Cook 100 Karambwans 	Cook 100 Karambwans. 	Cooking 30 Cooking
Spin a Ball of Wool 	Use a Spinning Wheel to spin a Ball of Wool.
Cut a Sapphire 	Cut a Sapphire. 	Crafting 20 Crafting
Craft a Leather Body 	Craft a Leather Body. 	Crafting 14 Crafting
Craft a Snelm 	Craft any Snelm. 	Crafting 15 Crafting
Craft 100 Unpowered Orbs 	Craft 100 Unpowered Orbs. 	Crafting 46 Crafting
Craft an Emerald Ring 	Craft an Emerald Ring. 	Crafting 27 Crafting
Craft a Ruby Amulet 	Craft a Ruby Amulet. 	Crafting 50 Crafting
Enter the Crafting Guild 	Enter the Crafting Guild. 	Crafting 40 Crafting
Equip either a Steel Platebody, some Steel Platelegs or a Steel Full Helm 	Equip either a steel platebody, some steel platelegs or a steel full helm. 	Defence 5 Defence
Equip either a Black Platebody, some Black Platelegs or a Black Full Helm 	Equip either a black platebody, some black platelegs or a black full helm. 	Defence 10 Defence
Equip a Full Mithril Set 	Equip a mithril platebody, a mithril full helm and either some mithril platelegs or a mithril plateskirt. 	Defence 20 Defence
Equip a Willow Shield 	Equip a willow shield. 	Defence 30 Defence 	Fletching 42 Fletching
Equip Tier 5 Shayzien Armour 	Equip a full set of tier 5 Shayzien armour. 	Defence 20 Defence 	100% Shayzien favour & previous armour tiers
Equip a Full Adamant Set 	Equip an adamant platebody, an adamant full helm and either some adamant platelegs or an adamant plateskirt. 	Defence 30 Defence
Rake a Farming Patch 	Rake any farming patch
Plant Seeds in an Allotment Patch 	Plant some seeds in an allotment patch.
Protect Your Crops 	Pay a farmer to protect any of your crops.
Burn Some Normal Logs 	Burn some Normal Logs.
Burn Some Oak Logs 	Burn some Oak Logs. 	Firemaking 15 Firemaking
Light a Torch 	Light a Torch.
Burn 100 Willow Logs 	Burn 100 Willow Logs. 	Firemaking 30 Firemaking
Light a Bullseye Lantern 	Light a Bullseye Lantern. 	Firemaking 49 Firemaking
Burn 100 Yew Logs 	Burn 100 Yew Logs. 	Firemaking 60 Firemaking
Burn Some Magic Logs 	Burn some Magic Logs. 	Firemaking 75 Firemaking
Catch a Shrimp 	Catch a Raw Shrimp whilst fishing.
Catch a Herring 	Catch a Raw Herring whilst fishing. 	Fishing 10 Fishing
Catch an Anchovy 	Catch a Raw Anchovy whilst fishing. 	Fishing 15 Fishing
Catch a Karambwanji 	Catch a Karambwanji on Karamja. 	Fishing 5 Fishing
Complete a Fishing Trawler Game 	Complete a Fishing Trawler game at Port Khazard.
Catch 100 Lobsters 	Catch 100 Raw Lobsters whilst fishing. 	Fishing 40 Fishing
Catch 50 Swordfish 	Catch 50 Raw Swordfish whilst fishing. 	Fishing 50 Fishing
Catch 50 Salmon 	Catch 50 Raw Salmon whilst fishing. 	Fishing 30 Fishing
Catch a Salmon on Karamja 	Catch a Salmon on Karamja. 	Fishing 30 Fishing 	Completion of Quest points Shilo Village
Enter the Fishing Guild 	Enter the Fishing Guild. 	Fishing 68 Fishing
Catch 100 Karambwans 	Catch 100 Karambwans on Karamja. 	Fishing 65 Fishing 	Completion of Quest points Tai Bwo Wannai Trio
Fletch Some Arrow Shafts 	Fletch some arrow shafts.
Fletch an Oak Shortbow 	Fletch an Oak Shortbow. 	Fletching 20 Fletching
Fletch 150 Iron Arrows 	Fletch 150 iron arrows. 	Fletching 15 Fletching
Fletch a Willow Shortbow 	Fletch a willow shortbow. 	Fletching 35 Fletching
Fletch 50 Maple Longbow (u) in Kandarin 	Fletch 50 maple longbow (u) in Kandarin. 	Fletching 55 Fletching
Catch a Baby Impling 	Catch a Baby Impling. 	Hunter 17 Hunter
Snare a Bird 	Catch any bird with a Bird Snare.
Catch a Crimson Swift in the Feldip Hills 	Catch a crimson swift in the Feldip Hills.
Equip full Graahk, Larupia or Kyatt 	Equip a full set of Graahk, Larupia or Kyatt attire. 	Hunter 31 Hunter 	Bring the chosen creature's furs to the Fancy Clothes Store.
Catch a Swamp Lizard or Salamander 	Catch either a Swamp Lizard or any kind of Salamander. 	Hunter 29 Hunter
Catch a Butterfly 	Catch any butterfly. 	Hunter 15 Hunter
Catch 50 Implings in Puro-Puro 	Catch 50 Implings in Puro-Puro. 	Hunter 17 Hunter
Catch a Snowy Knight 	Catch a snowy knight. 	Hunter 35 Hunter
Trap a Spined Larupia in the Feldip Hills 	Trap a spined larupia in the Feldip Hills. 	Hunter 31 Hunter
Catch a Red Salamander 	Catch a red salamander outside the Ourania Altar. 	Hunter 59 Hunter
Catch 30 Orange Salamanders 	Catch 30 Orange Salamanders at Uzer. 	Hunter 47 Hunter 	A rope and small fishing net
Catch a Swamp Lizard in Morytania 	Catch a Swamp Lizard in Morytania. 	Hunter 29 Hunter
Catch a Black Salamander 	Catch a Black Salamander in the Wilderness. 	Hunter 67 Hunter
Catch 200 Implings in Puro-Puro 	Catch 200 Implings in Puro-Puro. 	Hunter 17 Hunter
Catch a Crystal Impling 	Catch a Crystal impling in Prifddinas. 	Hunter 80 Hunter
Catch 50 Red Chinchompas in Kandarin 	Catch 50 red chinchompas in Kandarin 	Hunter 63 Hunter 	Requires Quest points Eagles' Peak completed
Catch a Black Chinchompa 	Catch a Black Chinchompa in the Wilderness. 	Hunter 73 Hunter
Equip 250 Black Chinchompas 	Equip a stack of at least 250 Black Chinchompas. 	Hunter 73 Hunter, Ranged 65 Ranged
Equip 500 Black Chinchompas 	Equip a stack of at least 500 Black Chinchompas. 	Hunter 73 Hunter, Ranged 65 Ranged
Equip 1000 Black Chinchompas 	Equip a stack of at least 1000 Black Chinchompas. 	Hunter 73 Hunter, Ranged 65 Ranged
Cast Home Teleport 	Cast the Home Teleport spell.
Equip a Wizard Robe and Hat 	Equip any wizard robe along with any wizard hat.
Equip an Elemental Staff 	Equip a basic elemental staff.
Equip a Piece of a Mystic Set 	Equip any piece of any Mystic robe set. 	Magic 40 Magic, Defence 20 Defence
Teleport Using Law Runes 	Cast any teleport spell that uses Law Runes. 	Magic 25 Magic
Cast a Blast Spell 	Cast any blast spell. 	Magic 41 Magic
Cast High Level Alchemy 	Cast the High Level Alchemy spell. 	Magic 55 Magic
Cast Ice Rush 	Cast the Ice Rush spell. 	Magic 58 Magic 	Completion of Quest points Desert Treasure
Equip a God Cape 	Equip either a Saradomin cape, a Guthix cape or Zamorak cape. 	Magic 60 Magic
Cast Resurrect Superior Ghost 	Resurrect a ghost by using the Resurrect Superior Ghost spell. 	Magic 57 Magic 	Requires completion of Quest points A Kingdom Divided
Inferior Demonbane Demon Kill 	Kill a demon using the Inferior Demonbane spell. 	Magic 44 Magic
Cast Kourend Castle Teleport 	Cast the spell Kourend Castle Teleport after unlocking it by reading transportation incantations. 	Magic 69 Magic
Cast a Wave Spell 	Cast any wave spell. 	Magic 62 Magic
Cast a Surge Spell 	Cast any surge spell. 	Magic 81 Magic 	Can be completed as Attacker in Barbarian Assault.
Otherwise requires completion of Quest points Dragon Slayer II for Wrath runes or access to the Fountain of Rune and another player to cast on.
Cast Ice Burst 	Cast the Ice Burst spell. 	Magic 70 Magic 	Completion of Quest points Desert Treasure
Cast Paddewwa Teleport 	Cast the Paddewwa Teleport spell. 	Magic 54 Magic 	Completion of Quest points Desert Treasure
Mine some Copper Ore 	Mine some Copper Ore.
Mine some Ore With a Steel Pickaxe 	Mine any ore using a Steel Pickaxe. 	Mining 6 Mining
Obtain a Gem While Mining 	Obtain any kind of gem whilst mining a rock.
Mine 50 Iron Ore 	Mine 50 Iron Ore. 	Mining 15 Mining
Mine some Ore With a Rune Pickaxe 	Mine any ore using a Rune Pickaxe. 	Mining 41 Mining
Obtain a Clue Geode While Mining 	Obtain any kind of clue geode whilst mining a rock.
Obtain 20 Golden Nuggets 	Obtain 20 golden nuggets from the Motherlode Mine beneath Falador. 	Mining 30 Mining
Mine 30 Chunks of Granite 	Mine 30 chunks of Granite at the Kharidian Desert Quarry. 	Mining 45 Mining 	A pickaxe
Mine 50 Adamantite Ore 	Mine 50 Adamantite Ore. 	Mining 70 Mining
Bury Some Bones 	Bury any kind of Bones.
Restore 5 Prayer Points at an Altar 	Restore 5 or more Prayer Points at any altar. 	Prayer 5 Prayer
Superhuman Strength and Improved Reflexes 	Use both the Superhuman Strength prayer and the Improved Reflexes prayer at the same time. 	Prayer 16 Prayer
Sacrifice Some Bones at the Chaos Temple 	Sacrifice some Bones at the Western Chaos Temple altar.
Bury Some Wyvern or Dragon Bones 	Bury either some Wyvern Bones or some Dragon Bones.
Use the Protect from Melee Prayer 	Use the Protect from Melee prayer. 	Prayer 43 Prayer
Sacrifice Some Dragon Bones at the Chaos Temple 	Sacrifice some Dragon bones at the Western Chaos Temple altar.
Bury Some Lava Dragon Bones 	Bury some Lava dragon bones.
Equip a Studded Body and Chaps 	Equip a Studded Body along with some Studded Chaps. 	Ranged 20 Ranged, Defence 20 Defence
Equip a Maple Shortbow 	Equip a Maple Shortbow. 	Ranged 30 Ranged
Equip a Full Green Dragonhide Set 	Equip a green d'hide body, some green d'hide chaps and some green d'hide vambs. 	Ranged 40 Ranged, Defence 40 	Quest points Dragon Slayer I completion
Visit the Rune Essence Mine 	Visit the Rune Essence Mine.
Craft an Air Rune 	Craft an air rune at the Air Altar. 	Runecraft 1 Runecraft
Craft Any Rune 	Use a Runecrafting Altar to craft any type of rune.
Locate a Runecrafting Altar With a Talisman 	Use any talisman to check the location of a Runecrafting Altar.
Craft 50 Water Runes 	Craft 50 Water Runes at the Water Altar. 	Runecraft 5 Runecraft
Craft a Fire Rune 	Craft a Fire Rune at the Fire Altar. 	Runecraft 14 Runecraft
Use the Abyss 	Use the Abyss to access a Runecrafting Altar.
Quest points Enter the Abyss
Craft 200 Essence Into Runes 	Use Runecrafting Altars to craft 200 essence into runes of any type.
Craft 4 Runes With 1 Essence 	Use a Runecrafting Altar to craft 4 of any type of rune using a single essence. 	Runecraft 33 Runecraft
Craft Any Combination Rune 	Use a Runecrafting Altar to craft any type of combination rune. 	Runecraft 6 Runecraft
Craft a Lava Rune at the Fire Altar 	Craft a Lava Rune at the Fire Altar. 	Runecraft 23 Runecraft
Receive a Slayer Task 	Receive a slayer task from any Slayer Master.
Check Your Slayer Task 	Use an Enchanted Gem to check your Slayer Task.
Equip a Spiny Helmet 	Equip a Spiny Helmet. 	Defence 5 Defence
Receive a Slayer Task From Vannaka 	Receive a Slayer task from Vannaka in Edgeville Dungeon. 	Combat level 40 Combat level
Defeat a Cockatrice in the Fremennik Province 	Defeat a cockatrice in the Fremennik Province. 	Slayer 25 Slayer
Defeat a Fire Giant in Kandarin 	Defeat a fire giant in Kandarin.
Smelt a Bronze Bar 	Use a Furnace to smelt a Bronze Bar.
Smelt an Iron Bar 	Use a Furnace to smelt an Iron Bar. 	Smithing 15 Smithing
Smith 150 Iron Arrowtips 	Use an Anvil to smith 150 Iron Arrowtips. 	Smithing 20 Smithing
Smith a Steel Platebody 	Use an Anvil to smith a Steel Platebody. 	Smithing 48 Smithing
Smelt a Steel Bar 	Use a Furnace to smelt a Steel Bar. 	Smithing 30 Smithing
Pickpocket a Citizen 	Pickpocket a Man or a Woman.
Open 28 Coin Pouches At Once 	Open 28 Coin Pouches at once.
Steal a Chocolate Slice 	Steal a chocolate slice from a bakery stall. 	Thieving 5 Thieving
Steal From the Varrock Tea Stall 	Steal from the Tea Stall in Varrock. 	Thieving 5 Thieving
Steal a Golovanova Fruit Top 	Steal a Golovanova fruit top from a fruit stall in Hosidius. 	Thieving 25 Thieving 	15% Hosidius favour
Pickpocket a H.A.M. Member 	Pickpocket any H.A.M. member at their hideout. 	Thieving 15 Thieving
Complete Room 1 of Pyramid Plunder 	Search the Golden Chest in Room 1 of Pyramid Plunder in Sophanem. 	Thieving 21 Thieving (unboostable) 	Partial completion of Quest points Icthlarin's Little Helper
Complete Room 2 of Pyramid Plunder 	Search the Golden Chest in Room 2 of Pyramid Plunder in Sophanem. 	Thieving 31 Thieving (unboostable) 	Partial completion of Quest points Icthlarin's Little Helper
Steal Some Silk 	Steal some silk from a silk stall. 	Thieving 20 Thieving
Pickpocket a Master Farmer 	Successfully pickpocket from a master farmer. 	Thieving 38 Thieving
Pickpocket a Guard 	Pickpocket a Guard. 	Thieving 40 Thieving
Obtain 800 Coins From Coin Pouches At Once 	Open a stack of coin pouches and obtain at least 800 Coins. 	Thieving 40 Thieving
Pickpocket a Ranarr Seed 	Pickpocket a Ranarr Seed from a Master Farmer. 	Thieving 38 Thieving
Pickpocket a Varrock Guard 	Pickpocket any Varrock Guard. 	Thieving 40 Thieving
Pickpocket a Bullseye Lantern From a Cave Goblin 	Pickpocket a Bullseye Lantern from a Cave Goblin. 	Thieving 36 Thieving 	Quest points Death to the Dorgeshuun
Pickpocket a Knight of Ardougne 50 Times 	Pickpocket a Knight of Ardougne 50 times. 	Thieving 55 Thieving
Complete Room 3 of Pyramid Plunder 	Search the Golden Chest in Room 3 of Pyramid Plunder in Sophanem. 	Thieving 41 Thieving (unboostable) 	Partial completion of Quest points Icthlarin's Little Helper
Complete Room 4 of Pyramid Plunder 	Search the Golden Chest in Room 4 of Pyramid Plunder in Sophanem. 	Thieving 51 Thieving (unboostable) 	Partial completion of Quest points Icthlarin's Little Helper
Complete Room 5 of Pyramid Plunder 	Search the Golden Chest in Room 5 of Pyramid Plunder in Sophanem. 	Thieving 61 Thieving (unboostable) 	Partial completion of Quest points Icthlarin's Little Helper
Pickpocket a Bandit in the Bandit Camp 	Pickpocket a Bandit in the Kharidian Desert's Bandit Camp. 	Thieving 53 Thieving
Steal From a Gem Stall 	Steal from a Gem Stall. 	Thieving 75 Thieving
Steal a Diamond in Dorgesh-Kaan 	Steal a Diamond from a chest in Dorgesh-Kaan. 	Thieving 78 Thieving 	Lockpick.png Lockpick
Pickpocket an Elf 50 Times 	Pickpocket an elf 50 times. 	Thieving 85 Thieving
Pickpocket a Hero 	Pickpocket any Hero. 	Thieving 80 Thieving
Equip a Full Rogue Outfit 	Equip a full set of rogue gear. 	Thieving 50 Thieving, Agility 50 Agility
Complete Room 6 of Pyramid Plunder 	Search the Golden Chest in Room 6 of Pyramid Plunder in Sophanem. 	Thieving 71 Thieving (unboostable) 	Partial completion of Quest points Icthlarin's Little Helper
Complete Room 7 of Pyramid Plunder 	Search the Golden Chest in Room 7 of Pyramid Plunder in Sophanem. 	Thieving 81 Thieving (unboostable) 	Partial completion of Quest points Icthlarin's Little Helper
Pickpocket a Menaphite Thug 50 Times 	Knock out and then pickpocket a Menaphite Thug 50 times. 	Thieving 65 Thieving 	Quest points The Feud or Minigames Rogue Trader to acquire a blackjack
Chop Some Logs 	Chop any kind of logs.
Chop Some Logs With a Steel Axe 	Chop any kind of logs using a steel axe. 	Woodcutting 6 Woodcutting
Obtain a Bird Nest 	Obtain a Bird Nest whilst cutting down trees.
Enter the Woodcutting Guild 	Enter the Woodcutting Guild in Hosidius. 	Woodcutting 60 Woodcutting 	75% Hosidius favour
Chop 100 Willow Logs 	Chop 100 Willow Logs from willow trees. 	Woodcutting 30 Woodcutting
Chop Some Logs With a Rune Axe 	Chop any kind of logs using a Rune Axe. 	Woodcutting 41 Woodcutting
Build a Waka Canoe 	Build a Waka Canoe. 	Woodcutting 57 Woodcutting
Chop a Sulliuscep Cap 	Chop a Sulliuscep Cap on Fossil Island. 	Woodcutting 65 Woodcutting 	Quest points Bone Voyage
Defeat a Goblin 	Defeat a Goblin. After all, this is not the Goblin League.
Defeat a Moss Giant 	Defeat a Moss Giant.
Defeat a Guard 	Defeat a Guard.
Defeat the Lesser Demon in the Wizards' Tower 	Defeat the Lesser Demon at the top of the Wizards' Tower.
Defeat a Rock Crab in the Fremennik Province 	Defeat a rock crab in the Fremennik Province.
Defeat a Troll in the Fremennik Province 	Defeat a troll in the Fremennik Province.
Defeat a TzHaar 	Defeat any TzHaar in Mor Ul Rek.
Defeat a Greater Demon on Karamja 	Defeat a Greater Demon on Karamja.
Defeat a Tortoise With Riders in Kandarin 	Defeat a tortoise with riders in Kandarin.
Defeat a Troll in Asgarnia 	Defeat a Troll in Asgarnia.
Defeat a Blue Dragon in Asgarnia 	Defeat a blue dragon in Asgarnia.
Defeat a Black Demon in Asgarnia 	Defeat a black demon in Asgarnia.
Defeat an Al Kharid Warrior 	Defeat an Al Kharid Warrior.
Defeat a Werewolf in Morytania 	Defeat a Werewolf in Morytania.
Defeat a Lava Dragon in the Wilderness 	Defeat a Lava dragon in the Wilderness.
Optionally a knife or a slash weapon to slash webs or Agility 52 Agility and Tasks Wilderness hard diary if meleeing, alternatively ranged or magic equipment
Defeat a Fire Giant in the Wilderness 	Defeat a Fire Giant in the Wilderness.
Defeat a Chaos Dwarf in the Wilderness 	Defeat a Chaos Dwarf in the Wilderness.
Defeat a Green Dragon in the Wilderness 	Defeat a Green Dragon in the Wilderness.
Defeat an Adult Chromatic Dragon 	Defeat either an adult Green Dragon, Blue Dragon, Red Dragon or Black Dragon.
Defeat a Lesser Demon 	Defeat a Lesser Demon.
Defeat an Elf in Tirannwn 	Defeat an Elf in Tirannwn.
Defeat a Kalphite Guardian 	Defeat a Kalphite Guardian in the Kharidian Desert.
Defeat the Crazy Archaeologist 	Defeat the Crazy Archaeologist in the Wilderness.
Defeat a Crocodile 	Defeat a Crocodile in the Kharidian Desert.
Complete Rune Mysteries 	Complete the Rune Mysteries quest.
Complete Sheep Shearer 	Complete the Sheep Shearer quest.
Complete Romeo & Juliet 	Complete the Romeo & Juliet quest
Complete Gertrude's Cat 	Complete the Gertrude's Cat quest.
Complete the Natural History Quiz 	Complete the Natural History Quiz in the Varrock Museum.
Complete Monk's Friend 	Complete the Monk's Friend quest. 	See quest page
Complete Client of Kourend 	Complete the Client of Kourend quest. 	See quest page 	See quest page
Complete Queen of Thieves 	Complete The Queen of Thieves quest. 	See quest page 	See quest page
Complete Forsaken Tower 	Complete The Forsaken Tower quest. 	See quest page 	See quest page
Complete Ascent of Arceuus 	Complete The Ascent of Arceuus quest. 	See quest page 	See quest page
Complete Vampyre Slayer 	Complete the Vampyre Slayer quest.
Complete The Golem 	Complete The Golem quest. 	Crafting 20 Crafting, Thieving 25 Thieving
Complete Fishing Contest 	Complete the Fishing Contest Quest 	Fishing 10 Fishing
Complete Depths of Despair 	Complete The Depths of Despair quest. 	See quest page 	See quest page
Complete Tale Of The Righteous 	Complete the Tale of the Righteous quest. 	See quest page 	See quest page
Architectural Alliance 	Complete the mini-quest 'Architectural Alliance '. 	See quest page 	See quest page
Complete Demon Slayer 	Complete the Demon Slayer quest.
Complete The Lost Tribe 	Complete The Lost Tribe quest. 	See quest page
Complete Death to the Dorgeshuun 	Complete the Death to the Dorgeshuun quest. 	Agility 23 Agility, Thieving 23 Thieving
Complete the Observatory Quest 	Complete the Observatory Quest . 	See quest page
Complete Shadow of the Storm 	Complete the Shadow of the Storm quest. 	Crafting 30 Crafting
The Frozen Door 	Complete the mini-quest 'The Frozen Door'. 	Agility 70 Agility, Hitpoints 70 Hitpoints, Ranged 70 Ranged, Strength 70 Strength,
Visit Ferox Enclave 	Visit Ferox Enclave.
Turn in 1 Library Book 	Find and turn in a book in the Arceuus Library.
Turn in 10 Library Books 	Find and turn in 10 books in the Arceuus Library.
Bank at Land's End 	Open your bank using the bank at Land's End.
Bank at Mount Quidamortem 	Open your bank using the bank at Mount Quidamortem.
Travel to Molch Island 	Take one of the boats around Lake Molch to Molch Island.
Open the Leagues Menu 	Open the Leagues Menu found within the Journal Panel.
Complete the Leagues Tutorial 	Complete the Leagues Tutorial and begin your adventure.
Achieve Your First Level Up 	Level up any of your skills for the first time.
Achieve Your First Level 5 	Reach level 5 in any skill (not including Agility, Hitpoints and Runecraft).
Achieve Your First Level 10 	Reach level 10 in any skill (not including Agility and Hitpoints).
Achieve Your First Level 20 	Reach level 20 in any skill.
Reach Combat Level 10 	Reach Combat Level 10.
Pet a Stray Dog in Varrock 	Pet a Stray Dog in Varrock.
Enter Draynor Manor 	Enter Draynor Manor.
Fill a Crate With Bananas 	Fill a crate with Bananas for Luthas at Musa Point.
Visit the Tree Gnome Village 	Visit the Tree Gnome Village .
Visit the Tree Gnome Stronghold 	Visit the Tree Gnome Stronghold.
Enter the Taverly[sic] Dungeon 	Enter the Taverly[sic] Dungeon.
Go Through the Al Kharid Gate 	Go through the Al Kharid gate.
10 Coins or completion of Quest points Prince Ali Rescue
Use the Bank in Nardah 	Use the bank in Nardah.
Cut a Cactus in the Kharidian Desert 	Cut a Cactus in the Kharidian Desert.
A knife or a slash weapon
Enter the Kalphite Lair 	Enter the Kalphite Lair.
Order a Drink at the Old Nite 	Order a drink at The Old Nite.
2 Coins
Pick Wheat in Catherby 	Pick some wheat in the field by the Catherby farming patches.
Buy Something From Trader Crewmembers 	Buy something from the Trader Crewmembers.
Get Stung By Bees 	Get stung by bees at the Beehives.
Drink a Poison Chalice 	Drink a Poison Chalice.
Make some Flour 	Make some Flour in a windmill.
Friend of House Hosidius 	Achieve 100% favour with the Hosidius house.
Friend of House Shayzien 	Achieve 100% favour with the Shayzien house.
Friend of House Arceuus 	Achieve 100% favour with the Arceuus house.
Friend of House Lovakengj 	Achieve 100% favour with the Lovakengj house.
Friend of House Piscarilius 	Achieve 100% favour with the Piscarilius house.
Turn in 25 Library Books 	Find and turn in 25 books in the Arceuus Library.
Turn in 50 Library Books 	Find and turn in 50 books in the Arceuus Library.
Enter Level 3 of the Chasm of Fire 	Enter the 3rd level of the Chasm of Fire in Shayzien.
Reach Total Level 100 	Reach a Total Level of 100.
Reach Total Level 250 	Reach a Total Level of 250.
Reach Total Level 500 	Reach a Total Level of 500.
Reach Combat Level 25 	Reach Combat Level 25.
Visit Death's Domain 	Visit Death's Domain.
Enter Zanaris 	Enter the lost city of Zanaris.
Drink From the Tears of Guthix 	Drink from the Tears of Guthix in the Lumbridge Swamp Caves.
Quest points 43 Quest points
Equip Some Fancy Boots or Fighting Boots 	Equip either a pair of Fancy Boots or a pair of Fighting Boots.
Fully Unlock the Mycelium Transportation System 	Unlock every destination of the Mycelium Transportation System on Fossil Island.
Pick a Pineapple on Karamja 	Pick a Pineapple on Karamja.
Enter the Brimhaven Dungeon 	Enter the Brimhaven Dungeon.
875 Coins
Brimstail Rune Essence Mine teleport 	Have Brimstail teleport you to the Rune Essence Mine.
Tan a Cow Hide in the Kharidian Desert 	Tan a cow hide in the Kharidian Desert.
1 Coin
Visit Port Phasmatys 	Visit Port Phasmatys.
Pray at the Southern Chaos Temple 	Pray at the altar in the Southern Chaos Temple.
Pray at the Western Chaos Temple 	Pray at the altar in the Western Chaos Temple.
Enter the Wilderness Resource Area 	Enter the Wilderness Resource Area.
Up to 7,500 coins, less with Tasks Wilderness Diary
Enter the Wilderness God Wars Dungeon 	Enter the Wilderness God Wars Dungeon.
Use the Bank at the Mage Arena 	Use the bank at the Mage Arena.
Possibly a knife or a slash weapon to slash webs
Take a Carpet Ride from Pollnivneach to Sophanem 	Take a carpet ride from Pollnivneach to Sophanem.
Requires starting Icthlarin's Little Helper
Up to 400 Coins from Shantay Pass / 200 Coins from Pollnivneach in carpet ride costs, or none with Tasks Desert hard diary
Obtain a Casket from Fishing 	Obtain a Casket from Fishing.
1 Easy Combat Achievement 	Complete an Easy Combat Achievement.
Achieve Your First Level 30 	Reach level 30 in any skill.
Achieve Your First Level 40 	Reach level 40 in any skill.
Achieve Your First Level 50 	Reach level 50 in any skill.
Reach Total Level 750 	Reach a Total Level of 750.
Reach Total Level 1000 	Reach a Total Level of 1000.
Reach Total Level 1250 	Reach a Total Level of 1250.
Reach Combat Level 50 	Reach Combat Level 50.
Reach Combat Level 75 	Reach Combat Level 75.
Perform a Special Attack 	Perform any special attack.
Each weapon with special attack has either a level or quest requirements.
Equip a Dorgeshuun Crossbow 	Equip a Dorgeshuun Crossbow. 	Ranged 28 Ranged 	Quest points The Lost Tribe
Travel to Fossil Island 	Take the Museum Barge to Fossil Island.
Use a Fairy Ring 	Use any Fairy Ring.
Equip a Dragon Scimitar 	Equip a dragon scimitar. 	Attack 60 Attack 	Requires Quest points Monkey Madness I completed.
Enter the Wizards' Guild 	Enter the Wizards' Guild in Yanille. 	Magic 66 Magic
Equip an Iban's Staff (u) 	Equip an iban's staff (u). 	Magic 50 Magic, Attack 50 Attack 	200,000 to upgrade the Iban's staff.
Win a Game of Castle Wars 	Win a game of Castle Wars.
Enter the Warriors' Guild 	Enter the Warriors' Guild. 	Combination of Attack and Strength that equals 130
Enter Sophanem 	Enter Sophanem.
Partial completion of Quest points Icthlarin's Little Helper
Open a Looting Bag 	Open a looting bag.
Enter the Deep Wilderness Dungeon 	Enter the Deep Wilderness Dungeon.
1 Medium Combat Achievement 	Complete a Medium Combat Achievement.
Max out 1 Fragment 	Achieve the maximum level on 1 Fragment.
Activate 1 Set Effect 	Fully activate 1 Set Effect with your equipped Fragments.
Achieve Your First Level 60 	Reach level 60 in any skill.
Achieve Your First Level 70 	Reach level 70 in any skill.
Achieve Your First Level 80 	Reach level 80 in any skill.
Find Every Memoriam Crystal 	Find every memoriam crystal in Prifddinas and add them to the Memoriam Device. 	Agility 75 Agility
Activate 2 Set Effects 	Fully activate 2 Set Effects simultaneously with your equipped Fragments.
Achieve Your First Level 90 	Reach level 90 in any skill.
